A cold is an infection in the
upper respiratory tract.
Colds are caused by a virus.
Your child may catch a cold
through close contact with someone
who is coughing or sneezing.
Your child can also pick up
the virus by handling objects
that were touched by someone with a cold.
Symptoms of a cold
usually last a week or 2.
They include: coughing,
scratchy or sore throat,
runny or stuffy nose
sneezing
watery eyes
ear congestion
mild fever
headache
A cold cannot be
cured with medicines.
Do not give any cough or
cold medicines to a child under 4
unless told to do so
by your healthcare provider.
Do not give aspirin to a child.
You can help to keep your child
from getting a cold by staying
away from people who are sick.
You can also help reduce the
spread of the virus
by keeping your hands
and your child’s hands clean.